[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Says his name is
Dr. Allen J. Hynek.
Weren't you with a thing
called Project Blue Book?
Well, I thought they
shut it all down.
He says, yeah, they got you
thinking, right, don't they?
>> We went inside this craft.
There was a soldier
standing right here.
Then there all of a sudden, I
see like a flash and look over.
And he's not there no more.
I didn't know his
name or nothing.
>> Have you ever physically been
to a planet other than Earth?
>> Yes.
>> From my perspective, Mr.
Kramer does believe that he is
telling the truth.
>> A frisbee came in, plowed
into these palm trees.
It's a disk.
>> Area 51 is doing the
advanced aircraft program.
>> All the military branches
have covert military space
program operations.
>> They shut down
Project Blue Book,
but you're now here
searching underwater UFOs.
>> At Fort Gordon, Georgia.
I slipped one of the pieces
of debris in my boot.
>> We would engage in
ground combat with groups
of indigenous reptoids.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Randy Cramer who
claims to have participated
in a secret space program for 20
years called the Earth Defense
Force.
Randy lived on the planet
Mars for 17 years where
he said there were approximately
six to seven million people
living, including
various ET races.
Randy, welcome to the show.
>> RANDY CRAMER: Well,
thanks for having me, Emery.
Glad to be here.
>> EMERY: Randy for those
people that don't know you,
let's give a brief history about
what you did in the military
space program.
>> CRAMER: Sure.
Well, I'm a captain
United States Marine Corps
Special Section, which is the
covert military space program
arm of the Marine Corps, which
was formed in about the 1954
time frame by
President Dwight D.
Eisenhower as a response
to lack of cooperation
that he was getting from
the MJ-12 committee.
So in the late 1960s, they were
developing a augmented soldier
program to build soldiers
genetically from the ground up,
which I was in a program in the
late 1960s called Project Moon
Shadow.
So I was genetically
engineered from the ground up,
tinkered with some
extraterrestrial hybridized DNA
to be smarter, faster, stronger
for soldiering abilities,
was trained as a toddler through
adolescence, teenage years,
deployed when I was 17 years
old for a 20-year tour of duty
where I spent a little
over 17 years in the MDF,
which is the Mars
Defense Force, which
is a contracting agency that
works for the Mars Colony
Corporation, which is under
the umbrella of the ICC,
or the International
Corporate Conglomerate.
I was in the infantry
there on the ground mostly
scuffling with indigenous
reptoids and indigenous
insectoids territorially,
mostly really
to test military equipment.
And then at the
end of that period,
I was given a promotion,
got to go to flight school
and finished out my 20-year
tour as a pilot in an air wing
aboard the EDF SS
Nautilus, which
stands for Earth Defense
Force Starship Nautilus, which
basically an aircraft
carrier in space
patrolling the solar system
to keep interlopers out.
>> EMERY: And what was the first
time you actually got involved
with the covert
military space program,
and why did they pick you?
>> CRAMER: Well, like I said, I
was engineered from the ground
up.
So my whole purpose from the
time before I was even born
was to do this job.
So I was actually a special
section marine from the time
that I was a baby.
So I was really in the force
from the time that I was born.
And then, again, it
was about 17 years old
that I was deployed
for my tour of duty.
>> EMERY: Did your
parents know about this?
>> CRAMER: Not at the time.
It's an interesting process
the way that they do this.
Typically, you're
taken for a training
exercise in the
middle of the night,
and then I realized
for some people
this may sound even more
outlandish than some
of the rest of this
does, but they actually--
you may go away for a number
of hours or even days,
and then they return
you 15 minutes
after you left by
using time travel.
So it appears to
your family members
and so forth that you've
never been anywhere.
>> EMERY: That
you've never gone.
>> CRAMER: And then, personally,
I would wake up the next
morning and just think, wow,
what a weird dream that was
that lasted for so long, and
just presume from where I was
standing that, oh, that was
just a really weird dream.
So yeah, even I
wasn't complete--
I mean, I would remember
things, but it was in a context,
again, that I would just go,
oh, I had a really weird dream.
>> EMERY: Randy, before
we go any further,
let's talk about the exciting
day you had yesterday.
>> CRAMER: I have been
itching for someone to give me
a polygraph for years.
People have asked me
before, have you gotten one?
I say, well, as soon as I can
find someone to give me one.
So I was excited when they
offered to give me one.
And, look, if you're
not afraid of the truth
and you're not afraid
to be scrutinized,
why be afraid of a polygraph?
So I was--
>> EMERY: Absolutely.
>> CRAMER: I was
excited about it.
I'm glad we finally
got that underway.
And it was
administered by someone
who has decades of experience
and has administered
over 20,000 polygraph exam.
So yeah, I think it
was an excellent day.
>> EMERY: Let's
take a look at that.
>> BRIAN HOFF: My
name is Brian Hoff.
I'm a polygraph examiner.
So Randy, go ahead and relax.
All right, so Randy,
go ahead and relax.
Remain still.
We'll begin in just a moment.
And the test is beginning.
Are you now in Colorado?
>> CRAMER: Yes.
>> HOFF: Are you currently a
ranking member of the USMC SS?
>> CRAMER: Yes.
>> HOFF: During your
entire lifetime,
have you ever violated
any rules or regulations?
>> CRAMER: No.
>> HOFF: Regarding your
involvement in the USMC SS,
do you intend to answer each
of my questions truthfully?
>> CRAMER: Yes.
>> HOFF: Have you ever killed
an extraterrestrial being?
>> CRAMER: Yes.
>> HOFF: Have you ever said
anything out of anger that you
later regretted?
>> CRAMER: No.
>> HOFF: Have you ever
physically been to a planet
other than Earth?
>> CRAMER: Yes.
>> HOFF: Have you ever been
deployed on a 20 and back
program?
>> CRAMER: Yes.
>> HOFF: The test is ending.
Remain still.
So based on Mr. Cramer's
polygraph examination results,
there are no indications
that Mr. Cramer was actively
attempting to deceive me or
the polygraph examination.
If you'll look right here these,
two green spots right here
and right here,
those are where I
asked him to lie to
me directly and where
I knew that what he
had said was a lie.
These little red
parts right here,
this one and this
one, those are where
I asked him about being
off world and about
whether or not he had done
a 20 and back program.
From my perspective,
Mr. Cramer does believe
that he is telling the truth.
>> EMERY: What a
validating moment--
>> CRAMER: Yeah, absolutely.
>> EMERY: --for you.
>> CRAMER: Absolutely.
Well, I've always known
I've been telling the truth,
but I understand that
not everybody else
understands that.
So I'm glad to have
had the test now.
>> EMERY: People now are
going to have to look at this,
and they're going to say, yeah,
you could fake a polygraph.
That's very difficult to do.
>> CRAMER: I think people
who say that don't understand
polygraph exams,
have never taken one,
or tried to understand what
the countermeasures are.
I felt that the explanation
that was given to me by the test
givers was incredibly detailed
about what information
that they're reading, how
this is something that's
not in your conscious brain.
It's not guilt oriented.
It's lower cerebellum
amygdala responses,
capillary expansion--
>> EMERY: Sweat glands.
>> CRAMER: --blood
pressure, sweat glands,
things that you can't
consciously control.
They're part of the
autonomic system.
>> EMERY: Now, let's talk
about the 20 and Back program.
There's not a lot of people
out there that understand this.
Let's get in the definition of
that and how you were involved.
>> CRAMER: Sure.
Well, again, I was
deployed at 17 years
old for a 20-year tour.
So from 17 to 37, did my tour.
And then when they
bring personnel
back to Luna Operations
Command, they
do what they call a memory wipe.
But it's not a wipe.
It's a suppression of memory.
And they also do something
they call an age reversal,
but it's not actually
an age reversal.
They hatch out a
clone body that's
the same age when
you left and then
transfer your entire
consciousness into that clone
and then stick you back, again,
15 minutes after you left.
And so, again, the
next morning, I
wake up thinking I had a dream
that was months and months
or years long, and it
was just like, well,
that was really weird,
and then just kind of had
to deal with the recovery
from that point on.
But that's basically it.
>> EMERY: Do you know the
science, how that works,
the shifting of consciousness
into another living organism?
>> CRAMER: Well, since I
wasn't awake for the process,
I can only tell you what I've
been told about the process.
My understanding is that our--
not to get too metaphysical
because, as I understand,
this is a very scientific
thing that our spirit and/or
consciousness is a
quantum fluid dynamic.
And being a quantum
fluid dynamic
means that it can be removed
and put from vessel to vessel.
So they can take your
consciousness and your spirit
being out of your body, put
it into a temporary vessel,
and then put it into another
body or an alien even
or another species or whatever.
But in this particular
case, my understanding
is they just put it
into a younger clone
version of yourself
and then send you
back so that you don't
think anything happened
or that no one's
the wiser, anyway.
The previous body that I had
basically was on a table.
They had a fresh one
on another table,
transferred the
consciousness from one,
and then took my old body and
stuck it in the incinerator.
So it's a permanent
transfer in this case.
>> EMERY: What year
was that, Randy?
>> CRAMER: That would
have been about 2007.
>> EMERY: So I'm
looking at the clone?
>> CRAMER: Yes, absolutely.
Yeah.
>> EMERY: You look great.
>> CRAMER: Thank you.
>> EMERY: Laying in
bed, when you wake up,
when does the switching of the
old body and the clone take
place, or is it already there?
>> CRAMER: So let's try to
start at the beginning here.
So I'm 17 years old.
I'm taken away for deployment,
do a 20-year tour of duty.
I'm 37 years old, brought back
to Luna Operations Command,
put into another age--
a new clone body that's 17
years old again so that--
and that clone is put in 15
minutes after my original time
that I left.
So there's no body in the bed.
Like, my body is completely
taken out of the bed.
My whole physical person
goes on this tour of duty.
There's nobody there.
If people want to get
complex about timelines,
there's a timeline in
there somewhere where
I was gone for 20 years.
My parents woke up the
next day and I wasn't there
and their son had disappeared.
But as soon as they bring me
back 15 minutes after I left,
that erases and
deletes that timeline,
and then it's as if
that never happened.
So it's basically a
security precaution
to have no physical
evidence, no fingerprint
sort of left behind
on the process
so that they can return
personnel back into their life
and not have them
know what happened
or have any conscious
recollection of it.
>> EMERY: What happens when
you're gone for 20 years
and then you come back, I
guess, what, 15 minutes later?
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
Well, like I said, I
woke up the next day.
I mean, I can remember vividly
waking up the next morning
and, as I'm sitting
up in my bed,
recalling what seemed
to be a dream that went
on and on and on and on and on.
And your brain wants to
acclimate very quickly to that.
In fact, there's so
much shock and trauma
with the tour of duty
that your brain is not
eager to lay claim to
that set of memories.
It would rather go, oh,
that never happened,
and then you're just
presumed that you're
right where you started
even though there's
a lot of residual emotional,
vivid visual memories,
and not to mention the
trauma, the leftover trauma.
>> EMERY: Absolutely.
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
>> EMERY: Through my
experience, I know working
in the classified project,
especially as an active duty
service member, we did have
compartmentalized programs
for soldiers.
So can we tell the
audience and explain
that-- you'd be good
at this because you
were in the Marines,
but I am assuming
you're also part of a
secret part of that Marines
that probably people don't
understand or know about,
or was it just the Marines?
>> CRAMER: Oh, United States
Marine Corps Special Section
has what I would say a very
loose relationship with what I
would call the standard
or regular Marine Corps
in the same way that all the
military branches have covert
military space program
operations that are loosely
associated because of the
officer cadre and the way that
intelligence information
has to be passed around.
But they're definitely
compartmentalized in such a way
that they're very
separated as well.
So depending on--
I mean, you can have
an admiral in the Navy
and an admiral in Naval
Space Command that
have two very different levels
of briefing on what's going on.
So same thing's true with
the Marine Corps and Special
Section.
So definitely the training and
the education that I received
was all very
specifically targeted
to exopolitical situations,
exotic encounters,
exotic locations, and dealing
with extraterrestrial life
forms.
So United States Marine
Corps Special Section, again,
was created by Dwight D.
Eisenhower in 1954 time frame
really as a separate
branch that was
to be a covert military
space program investigating
and deployment arm.
So it was going to be
specifically designed
to take all of this new
information and new technology
and process it in
such a way that
would maximize its potential.
But the main difference
there was MJ-12.
While taking the certain
amount of military intelligence
personnel, there are also a lot
of private industry contractors
and so forth, which I think was
where a lot of the corruption
came in.
Eisenhower wanted to create a
military organization in which
everyone was sworn
to defend and uphold
the Constitution of the
United States of America
from all enemies,
foreign and domestic.
So he felt that it was going
to be an organization that
would have less corruption
issues, would be more
respectful and concerned
about legal framework
or whether they were
violating the law or not
as well as to be a
little bit of a check
and balance to some
of the craziness
that the MJ-12
committee was doing.
>> EMERY: So would you say
you were an active duty Marine
service member or were
you a covert specialist
in the Marines that was--
you were not allowed to be
known, if you know what I mean?
>> CRAMER: Well, it's all
kept classified for sure,
but it was definitely during
my tour of duty was considered
active duty.
So yeah.
>> EMERY: What was your rank
and role towards the end there?
>> CRAMER: Oh, I made
captain in the end.
>> EMERY: All right.
>> CRAMER: But that is after
clawing my way up to sergeant
major.
So I'm a Mustang, which
means I started out
as an enlisted person and
got to get my commission
and be an officer later.
So I worked my way up.
>> EMERY: Tell me about
the Naval Space Command.
>> CRAMER: Naval Space Command
essentially is in charge
of the large ships in the
fleet, so these what we call
Heighliner class, which is
essentially a long cylinder
that's about a mile long,
which is basically a floating
aircraft carrier in space.
And essentially,
Naval Space Command
is the main administrator
of those vehicles
and those vessels for sure.
>> EMERY: Is the Naval
Space Command venturing out
of our solar system?
>> CRAMER: Oh yes, absolutely.
>> EMERY: Are they
going interdimensional?
>> CRAMER: I would suggest that
as the technology permits they
do, yes.
>> EMERY: Well, I know there's
a lot going on out there.
I've seen some
amazing photography
with using special
telescopes and stuff
that we have in space.
>> CRAMER: For sure.
>> EMERY: And I just was
wondering if you knew
of or were privy to
that information.
>> CRAMER: You know, I have
a lot of information that
I'm privy to.
But being one person,
I don't get all of it.
>> EMERY: Right.
>> CRAMER: And I
always tell people,
if they bring information to
me, I can always go to my people
and get an intelligence briefing
if it's something that I
don't know about.
I know there's a number
of experimental vehicles.
We always have to
consider, when we
talk about the space program,
the Neuschwabenlanders
and their program, which is
separate from Naval Space
Command because they
like to be different.
And from what I
understand, their main ship
is called a Juggernaut.
And they, again,
tend to be pretty--
can be a mile, mile
and a half in length,
tend to be very heavily armored
with all of the central command
deep in the middle of
the ship to protect it
from all the layers.
And so--
>> EMERY: And how many
people do these craft hold?
>> CRAMER: It
depends on the size,
but a crew can be anywhere
from 3,000 to 4,000 personnel.
>> EMERY: Are there
extraterrestrials onboard with
the humans from Earth?
>> CRAMER: Sometimes there are
some consultants and some other
personnel that I would say--
I don't know how
to describe this.
In the same way
that terrestrially
we have military exchange
programs-- so it's possible,
say, for a Canadian
military officer
or a British military officer
to participate in an exchange
program, the US
military programs,
and we do the same thing.
So in that same way, we have
some extraterrestrial personnel
that, again, participate
in this exchange program
so that we can send
personnel to other worlds
and participate and learn
from their programs.
And so the idea of
an exchange program
is you're moving people around
with different knowledge
and different
experience to share that
with other crew and
other personnel.
So yes, but not
very many I guess
is the answer to that question.
>> EMERY: Have you ever
had, later in life,
a total recall of an event
that you totally forgot about?
>> CRAMER: Yes.
Yes, I have.
>> EMERY: Let's talk about that.
>> CRAMER: OK.
>> EMERY: I know it can
get a little sensitive.
I've been in there before.
>> CRAMER: Sure, yeah.
I mean, we could go a lot of
different directions with that.
So I'm not sure--
>> EMERY: What was the most
prominent one that you had that
you were like, oh my gosh,
I just remembered an entire
expedition or mission that I
actually forgot about or they
mind erased you and then
you had this total recall?
Like, what was the
most prominent one
that was like, wow?
>> CRAMER: So when I was in
the MDF stationed on Mars,
we did occasionally get pulled
out for an off-world mission,
which would usually be a few
days, maybe a couple of weeks,
and then we would come back.
But usually there was a
mind wipe or repression
immediately after for
security purposes,
and there was a time
when, as I was--
I'd sit in meditative
process, go
into sort of alpha theta states
to dig into the subconscious
to remember things.
So I was going through some
memories that were familiar
that I just wanted to
be more familiar with,
and I always find, for my own
healing process, the more vivid
I can recall a memory, the more
vivid the emotional context,
which then gives
you the opportunity
to heal that emotional sort
of trauma, which just reduces
the PTSD symptoms
in my experience.
So as I was going through
this memory recall process,
all of a sudden this
whole memory just kind of
launched right through
my brain of going
on this off-world mission
and experiencing that.
It was basically they were--
on one of the moons of Saturn,
they were building a base,
and they were doing a lot
of subterranean excavation,
and they hit a nest of some
giant spiders or something
like that, and their security
guys couldn't deal with it,
so they wanted to call
in some specialists.
I mean, I can see now, from
remembering things like this,
where like the arachnophobia
and the insectophobia came from,
because if you think
you're scared of a spider
this big, trust me, when there's
a spider a jumping spider
this big, it's kind of
terrifying at first.
>> EMERY: Very.
>> CRAMER: Even when you're
more prepared and you're in body
armor, it's still very shocking
to have a giant spider jump
on your face.
>> EMERY: Very.
>> CRAMER: Yeah,
it leaves a mark.
>> EMERY: In totality, what
would you say the number
of years that you really are
if you included all the 20
and Back?
>> CRAMER: If I include
my full tour of duty,
I include the training
time, I'm well into my 80s.
>> EMERY: Are you still active
in corporate or military
positions?
>> CRAMER: United States Marine
Corps Special Section considers
me an independent
field commander.
So I have active duty rank
and security clearance,
but they don't pay me.
So that's the way that
works at the moment.
>> EMERY: And what do they call
the security clearances that
you're involved with?
>> CRAMER: My security clearance
is a blue gold 13 for whatever
that means to anybody if they
understand that sort of thing.
I have been working with
my brigadier general,
and we have been discussing
contracts and some other things
that I get to do to sort of take
care of my independent field
command.
But I actually have
a greater freedom
to do what I do,
to be here sitting
talking about this right now as
an independent field commander,
than I would if I were under
the same umbrella of secrecy
agreements that my brigadier
general of the command staff
are and they were
giving me a check.
So being an independent
field commander
is legally why I can sit here
and not be breaking the law.
>> EMERY: What I was going to
ask next is does the general
and the suits know--
obviously they know you're
here, you're doing this.
>> CRAMER: Oh yeah.
>> EMERY: Do they come to
your house like they come
into my house and say, you know,
Smith, you can talk about this,
but you better slow it down
when you get over here?
>> CRAMER: Well, they
don't come to my house.
We do communicate
on a regular basis.
And I was actually asked to do
this job about seven years ago,
and my understanding
was the command staff
wanted to have someone to be a
public spokesperson that they
could have a certain amount
of plausible deniability with.
They didn't want to shock
the world in such a way
that it would really rattle
the cages of everyone,
but they wanted
someone that they
could present information
and sort of explain
the narrative of
what's been going on.
And there was a short list,
apparently, of officers
that they whittled down, and
eventually that became me.
And so they asked me
if I wanted to do that.
And after some reluctance,
I agreed, and turned out
it was going to be better than
doing what I was doing before.
So yeah, I decided, all
right, I'll do this.
So yeah, they're very
aware of what I'm doing.
They're very happy
for me to be here.
My brigadier has
said that he doesn't
want people to think that
they're telling me what to say,
and so he says, look,
what you say is up to you.
You get to decide that.
Just understand that
there are certain
things that may not serve
the purpose to tell people
and/or may endanger a
active duty service member,
and those are the
only things I really
have to concern myself with.
So I do my very best to tell
the truth as I understand
it, the most clear that I
can, and very rarely omit
information.
And so they don't really tell me
what to say or what not to say.
But we certainly have come
up against certain subjects
where I've had to say, do you
want me to talk about that,
and they're like, yeah,
fine, or maybe you should not
give the whole story
on that, because I
know it's hard for people
to understand this, but--
>> EMERY: Well, it's
a safety reason.
It's safety.
>> CRAMER: Well, some security
is there for a reason,
and mostly it's to protect
active duty personnel.
So you just have to be
aware that when you're
telling something that is
under a secrecy umbrella
that you're doing it in such
a way that's not going to put
anybody in harm's way because
that's where it becomes
criminal on my part if I put
someone in harm's way, then
that's when I get a bad
check on my annual review.
But other than that, I
am given full permission
to say what I want, how
I want, when I want,
discuss what I want, pick topics
as I want, and, as my brigadier
said, just be honest,
tell the truth, be clear,
don't embellish.
You don't need to
gild the lily at all.
Just tell it like
you remember it.
And whether people want
to accept that or believe
you or not, it
doesn't matter to you.
It doesn't matter
to me honestly.
It's just my job is
to tell the truth
to the best of my ability.
So it's what I do.
>> EMERY: How do you and
the general communicate,
through what means?
>> CRAMER: I actually have a
micro walkie-talkie in the back
of my skull, and we also,
Special Section officers,
have an implant central in
the brain that connects us
to a psionic computer.
So we get to experience
a pseudo hive mind,
and so we are able to just
communicate psionically.
>> EMERY: Are the implants
organic or are they a type
of synthetic material?
>> CRAMER: My understanding
is they're mostly synthetic
materials.
I mean, again, it's
not my specialty
to know much about them.
But my understanding is
they're predominantly
synthetic materials
and/or materials
that mimic natural
biological materials
so that your body doesn't
reject them and get inflammation
and stuff like that.
>> EMERY: Have you ever seen--
have you ever done
an MRI or an x-ray
where something
showed up in your body
that you were not aware of?
>> CRAMER: Well, I
did get an MRI once,
but I didn't really get
to look at the scans--
so nothing that I've
ever seen show up
weird there and no x-rays
that I'm aware of where
strange things have shown up.
But I do have a dog
tag behind this ear
and one behind that
ear-- subdermal.
And I know I've got
implants all over the place.
But most of them
I've never-- excuse
me-- looked at on an
x-ray or anything.
>> EMERY: Yes, I've seen that.
You showed me behind
your ear there.
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
>> EMERY: It's
pretty interesting.
Yeah, a lot of the synthetic
implants they put in,
they make sure that it doesn't
show up on an MRI or x-ray.
>> CRAMER: Right, I would think.
>> EMERY: They're using organic
and synthetic materials that,
like you said,
adjust to the body,
and the body's very
accepting of it.
>> CRAMER: Right.
>> EMERY: And I've
seen this in the past.
We've actually pulled a lot of
these implants out of people
because they were
malfunctioning.
>> CRAMER: Right.
>> EMERY: And does your new
clone always have those already
in there when you
get in the body?
>> CRAMER: Yeah, absolutely.
Clone's already prepped
for all of that stuff.
>> EMERY: I also--
>> CRAMER: Now, actually,
interesting that you mention--
now that you mentioned it, I
do recall probably about five
years ago I went to go blow my
nose and looked at the tissue
and there was this very
strange, inky, plastic,
black substance that
came out, and I was like,
what in the world is that?
I'd never seen
anything like that.
But it looked like a dissolved--
a synthetic material that had
dissolved in my sinus cavity
and just ejected
when I blew my nose.
>> EMERY: I want to jump
back real quick because one
of the questions I personally
had for you was how were you
traveling to these off planets?
Were you using some
sort of portal system?
How did it work?
>> CRAMER: You know, there's a
combination of methods there.
So sometimes you're
using jumpgates.
I would say, when the
travel was a short distance,
jumpgates were often preferable.
But usually any
length of distance
was onboard a ship
that would then take
a jumpgate to another location.
So usually any distance
through space was on a ship.
>> EMERY: Can you explain to
the audience a little bit more
about jumpgates?
>> CRAMER: Well, anybody who
understands what a wormhole
is-- basically,
jumpgate's a wormhole.
So you have an entry
point and an exit point
that are connected by an
interdimensional wormhole
connector point.
So let's see, if we had
the technology right here,
we could open an entry
point right there
and then we could
choose an exit point,
let's just say, on the
other end of the property.
And you would be able to take
one step through that end
and you would immediately
come out the other end
and then back the other way.
>> EMERY: Is this a mobile unit
or are there certain places
on planet Earth that you had to
report to to go through these
jumpgates?
>> CRAMER: Usually a jumpgate
room is like a stable location
with equipment that's not
super mobile or portable.
But that technology is
advancing all the time.
So I would imagine, even though
it wouldn't be my purview
to say so factually,
that they've probably got
portable technology
at this point
that you can make a
jumpgate wormhole just
about anywhere, that goes
to just about anywhere.
My understanding is that
the limitation of distance
is virtually unlimited, which
from my understanding means,
at this moment, we have
developed the ability
to get across the galaxy,
possibly to other neighboring
galaxies, but there may be
a range limit that we've
achieved at this point.
But from other ETs
that we've worked with,
it seems to be just that the
perfection of the technology
is what determines the
range of such a thing.
So I presume the
better we get with it,
the farther we'll be able to go.
>> EMERY: Does that
affect any time?
>> CRAMER: Not really.
I mean, it's essentially taking
a distance that's very, very
short and making it like that.
So you experience
a few instances,
a few seconds of going
from one place to another.
In my understanding,
there's no sort
of temporal effect from that.
>> EMERY: Do you go in
your suit, your armor,
or do you go naked?
Like, what is the
attire that you have on?
>> CRAMER: Whatever you're
wearing at the moment.
So when I was in my bedroom
in the middle of the night
when I was young, in my
PJs getting taken out
and going through a jumpgate
and then would get dressed up
in my gear, or if
we were already
going-- when I was in
the MDF, for instance,
sometimes we'd already be suited
up and go through a jumpgate
and then sometimes use that
as an emergency extraction
to come back.
So it depends on what
the situation is,
but whatever is required.
>> EMERY: You mentioned the
suits earlier with the spiders.
What were these suits?
What did they look like?
>> CRAMER: Well, we had two
different sets of body armor.
We had a light body armor and
we had a heavy body armor.
The heavy body armor is
essentially an exosuit.
So it's a powered
hydraulic body armor,
which makes your arms
stronger and your legs--
you can jump faster, and it's
a very thick armor plating that
can bounce off most projectiles
and most hand-to-hand weapons.
The light body
armor looks like a--
kind of a sky blue wet
suit, but it's not soft.
It's kind of got a hard
plasticky sort of texture
to it.
So it's a little stiff
when you first get into it,
and you actually
kind of got to break
the suit in like a pair
of shoes or something
But in the case of the spiders,
we were wearing the light body
armor.
I would have much rather had the
heavy body armor on for that.
>> EMERY: Was anyone
injured on that mission?
>> CRAMER: No.
>> EMERY: No, OK.
>> CRAMER: No, no, the
spiders couldn't bite through
the armor.
So I mean, we were fine.
It was just--
>> EMERY: Have you ever had--
>> CRAMER: I would have
preferred to have the heavy
body armor.
I would have felt safer in
it, but it wasn't necessary.
>> EMERY: Have you ever been
on an expedition to these
off-world planets where
someone was injured or attacked
by another beam or--
>> CRAMER: Oh sure.
>> EMERY: --species?
>> CRAMER: Sure,
yeah, plenty of times.
Yeah, absolutely.
>> EMERY: Give me an example.
>> CRAMER: Well, I mean,
certainly when I was
in the MDF, we would engage
in ground combat with groups
of indigenous reptoids and
groups of indigenous insectoids
where people would get
injured all the time.
>> EMERY: What did you, in your
understanding of everything
you'd been through, like,
what was your experience
and your participation?
What'd you take
home from all this?
>> CRAMER: Wow.
Universe is a big place, that
just about anything you think
might be possible could
be, and that whatever
you think you might be able to
imagine is possible for life
to evolve also, again, very
likely to have happened
somewhere in the universe.
So as I like to say,
life will wherever
it can, however it can, and
the variation of evolution--
as well as tinkering.
I mean, there are species that
are tinkering with evolution
all the time.
So it's not always
just natural evolution,
but sometimes it's
engineered evolution.
But the ability to create
many, many different types
of lifeforms is extensive,
and the places that we can go
are extensive.
The types of planets
that can support
life, gravitational variances,
gaseous environment,
liquid environment
variances, it's
absolutely astonishing to me to
just try and absorb, sometimes,
all of the possibilities that
I've seen or experienced.
It's pretty-- it's--
how do I want to say this?
I feel like it's
toothpaste that's
never going back in the tube.
There's a part of my mind
and my awareness in the world
that I've lived in that will
never, ever, ever go back
to being what I would say
a terrestrial mindset of I
live on a planet and that's
all I know when I understand
that there are many, many
worlds that contain life far
and wide with many different
social-political systems,
monetary economic systems.
It's a vast universe out there,
and I feel the most fortunate
of any human being
I could ever think
of to have been allowed
to participate in that
because who else can
say that you've been
able to see or do those things?
And to be honest,
this is another place
where I don't care whether
people believe me or not.
I'm simply feel honored
and privileged to have
been able to participate and
see and experience the things
that I've been
able to experience.
>> EMERY: After you've been
through what you've been
through and seen so much
and experienced so much,
everything seems to be possible.
>> CRAMER: Well, certainly.
And I've certainly encountered
extraterrestrial beings who
have experienced a level of
personal, mental, spiritual
evolution where understanding
where the mind matter
and energy come
together and the ability
to manipulate matter and energy.
I mean, we're at
the preschool stage
of learning how to
manipulate matter
and energy with our
minds, and there
are species who are heads and
shoulders above us that are
still way behind other species.
And so not only is the
universe an amazing place,
it's more flexible and
more fluid than also
most people even could
begin to understand.
>> EMERY: Randy, thanks
for being on the show.
This is another episode
of "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm Emery Smith.
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]